good morning welcome back to another
vlog I'm not going to say much now cuz
I'm running late for a rowing outing
I'm just running for the boathouse it's
almost 6:30 in the morning it's dark
outside this is awful but hey how it's
gonna be fine it's basically the first
week of lectures I've had three lectures
but last week but this week it's like
probably gave the spoon of lectures I've
already been set loads of work always
the way so it's gonna be a great
productive hopefully week busy weeks and
come join me
so I've just run back I've got changed
out my clocks and stuff look this is all
my layers of cooks and stuff but look
how much layers I have to work it was
freezing this morning I've got ten
minutes to go into a lecture so I'm
gonna head okay I just got back from
lectures I've just been eating lunch
I've been having some wrinkles and
there's baked goods on the table free
think good OMG okay so I'm now up in my
room again I've had lunch the baked
goods were very very tasty and now I've
got work to do so yesterday morning I
had like no work at all I hadn't been
set anything everything I've been set
had been completed and then I got two
lovely emails yesterday being like okay
so I've got this work P to do and it's
doing tomorrow and another one saying
I've got this work fewness during the
day after tomorrow I'm like thanks for
the great notice piles of notice so I've
now got to do some questions based on
the stuff I've done in lectures and
several questions based on stuff I
haven't yet covered yet in lectures so
that will be interesting so I'm gonna
get started now because my first
deadline is at 10 o'clock this evening
okay so the update is we're a good few
hours on and I'm struggling very very
confusing I've gone through lecture
notes I'm just trying to the questions
confuse ah first two lectures already
lost anyway I've got a hand in this work
go 10 o'clock this evening so maybe
you'll understand it by then if I don't
I'm just gonna put I'm obviously gonna
keep going out at this afternoon but if
I don't get it out I'm just gonna write
on the work like I spent the whole
afternoon and evening on this and I
still don't get it so but that's what
supervisions are for right when you
don't understand something hopefully my
supervisor will explain it in a way that
I do understand but anyway that is the
update I'm gonna keep going
okay so just come back from calf and I'm
getting back to my questions I've got
three hours hopefully I can do them in
that time
[Music]
okay so I'm done I'm just about to go
hand my questions in they are a bit
dodgy at best I'm pretty sure some of my
answers I'm most definitely wrong but
I'm just really looking forward to the
supervision tomorrow because I'm hoping
it's going to make everything a lot more
clearer so that is the beauty of
supervisions we get the chance to ask
questions when you don't get something
in the lecture you can ask your
supervisor or is going on to say yeah
that'll be good I've got my questions
ready I've just been going pre-election
notes as well and starring exactly what
I'm not sure about so I know exactly why
need to ask tomorrow so hopefully that
will help see I'm just going to go slide
this folder underneath the door of my
supervisors office for them to mark this
evening or tomorrow morning and then my
supervision is tomorrow good morning
so I'm just about to head off to my soup
Oh which is in ten minutes time at 9:30
and it's in college which is quite handy
and I have just been watching some
YouTube videos on op amp's before that
to see if it explains it any better than
the lecture notes in a way I can
understand because I don't understand
the lecture notes basically but the
supervision should be good the first of
all of term getting back into it I can
confirm that the supervision helps a lot
and I now have a much better
understanding of the lecture content for
the rest of the morning I got on with
some physics questions which we
later that day
[Music]
okay so I think I'm gonna break now it's
half 12:00 and I'm feeling peckish and I
tend to have dinner earlier here as well
than I do at home so why not have lunch
now the questions are going well I'm
about halfway through which is good and
I've got the rest of the afternoon to
complete them so things are looking
hopeful today is going better than
yesterday
okay so I've now finished the physics
questions and I'm about to cycle over to
West Cambridge to hand them in because
my supervisors pigeonhole is over at the
physics labs which is great we've I've
volunteered to run everyone's work over
because I am such a nice person and
actually it looks quite sunny outside
behind me oh look it looks like it's
quite a nice sunny afternoon so I don't
mind cycling over
featuring the Cavendish laboratory okay
so I've just dropped off the work I
found the pigeon holes I was so worried
I was like these directions are not very
clear I didn't even know which entrance
I was going in and then literally I
stumbled across the pigeon holes I was
like relief it's quite a lot of pressure
when you're taking some other people's
work as well as your own I was like I've
literally got to find these pigeon holes
within 45 minutes well I managed it but
I did now I've got a cycle back because
cash dinners on I don't want to miss
that I'm hungry
in hindsight I also parked my bike in a
very bad location like I'm having to
walk all the way back round to it
later that evening I decided to do some
rather rusty clarinet playing okay so
I'm about this evening I'm going to a
talk on cosmology and or some area of
cosmology anyway from professor Carlos
Frank I read the blurb and it just
sounded interesting it's being run by
the astronomy Society I think so I'm
heading along to it
it's at the chemistry department lecture
theatre though so I'm having to walk
across town to get there I'm also
running late hence why I'm out of breath
but no I think this talk should be
interesting the guy's giving it is like
some leading professor in computational
cost mullah G or something so it should
be a good talk and yeah I have seven
minutes to get there am I gonna make it
who knows I'll be embarrassing I have to
walk in late quick it was quite an
impromptu decision to go hence why I'm
running late like I suddenly vote it's
the time and the event popped off on my
Facebook feed and I was like wait I'll
go to that
so it's why I'm rushing morning I've
just got to head off to lecturers I'm in
a rush as normal yeah busy day let's get
going so I am walking to my next lecture
because it's a lovely sunny day and
there's also no place to park your bike
before this lecture because it is very
busy so why not walk first lecture we're
going to his maths and then we've got a
physics lecture afterwards and we are
back to college okay some lectures were
okay today the last physics one was like
there wasn't much to it but at least we
all kept up with it the maths one I got
so annoyed in the mouse once the person
sitting behind me kept kicking in the
back of my seat it was very annoying
and everyone started coughing around me
and I'm like freshest flu is coming for
me
so that was annoying but anyway CAF is
the time Tim's gonna try seat for the
first time or I hope he is anyway it's
all very exciting here we have chapel
caught I miss this place a lot with the
chapel
okay his Tim tri-state for the first
time
try it with Brad okay so I'm gonna dip
the bread in and then either ground
right yeah
[Music]
okay plain bread is better
okay so I've just got back from CAF and
I've got more than that
two and a half hours until I've got to
leave to go to my supervision this
afternoon so I'm thinking I'm going to
just tie up the op-amps work that I'm
still tying up I'm still like making
sure I've finished everything off before
I file it all away and also there's a
couple of them ask questions I need to
finish which are for my supervision
tomorrow okay so I'm just about to head
off to West Cambridge for the second day
running this time for my supervision I'm
just gonna go grab Tim because we've got
a supervision together today and we're
gonna cycle over and find our
supervision room we should be
interesting so it's buried deep in the
Cavendish so me and Tim have just come
out of our hour-and-a-half soup Oh but I
was actually quite glad that she over
ran because I was worried that the super
was gonna end with an hour I wouldn't
have covered everything but she was
happy to go to an hour and a half which
I was quite pleased with and yeah I'm
ready to go back and go over all the
problems again and answer them for the
second time around but right this time
this morning and I'm feeling a bit rough
today to be honest like I think fresh is
flu has hit me lovely but to make myself
feel better I've made myself a hot
chocolate and I am getting on with a few
last questions before my supervision at
midday today I did a bit of work in my
pajamas this morning so I can be able to
get up but now I've showered and
everything and it's called post N and
yeah it's need to have this hot
chocolate and I'm gonna stop talking
because my throat it's can't take it
here's me waiting for my map supervision
to start okay so my mouth super was the
best super ever my supervisor was
absolutely a pain
so I apparently explain things very well
I've just been the same squeeze to do
some shopping I've got some sandwich
stuff and now we're heading back into
college here's ed struggling with the
door yeah okay so had a quick lunch and
now I'm back up to my room to do some
more work but first I'm actually just
filling out my spending spreadsheet so
this year and being straight with myself
and I'm actually writing down everything
that I spend so I can keep more track of
my money cuz I felt like last year I
just didn't know it was going on I
checked my balance every now and again I
was like that's okay but I want to like
pay a bit more attention to what I'm
spending so I'm just jotting that down
and especially right now with my
receipts down here and yeah after that
I've got a few bits and pieces to do
this afternoon I've got no more contact
hours today so it should be pretty chill
[Music]
okay so I've had dinner now and I'm back
to my desk and I am determined to sort
this physics question out because I'm
literally stumped on it you know just
get stopped you have no idea what you're
doing wrong I've worked it through so
many times and it's not coming out at
the answer they give why I'm supposed to
get a certain numerical answer they give
anyway I'm determined to sort it so I've
got an hour before I'm gonna go to the
Natural Sciences Society mingle event so
I want in that hour to be able to solve
this question and hopefully another one
as well and then I'm ready to move on to
the next question set because I did put
a stop this evening but run into a bit
of trouble with this stuff so it's taken
longer than my thirst for it's still
fine I feel like I'm still on top of
things you know I'm actually feeling
like quite pleasing myself at this point
in term like where we can determine ow
and actually I want two of them we work
I'm not sleep-deprived I'm having a
decent amount of time to spend with my
friends still I feel like I'm really on
top of things
cue the silent celebration I just got
the right answer finally oh my god this
is such a good feeling I was just about
ready to give up and then I was like
write this one final try this one final
attempt and it dropped out right thank
God
so yeah now I've just got one more
question to do update I'm now stuck on
the second question why do I keep ending
up with a romancer every time it's so
frustrating and I can see what I've got
is closed just like I had last time but
it's not quite there like I'm missing
something
okay so we're heading back from the now
ski mingle and I want to play werewolf
but we might play poker we'll see but
you know one type of poker everyone
wants to play Kaos poker which is you're
blinding with that light well do you
want to honestly I don't actually like
chaos poker I prefer normal poker but
yeah pitch is very good at it I am very
good at poker thank you will well I'm
not gonna get any more work done this
evening play even though some people
want to go to the library which is just
weird it's like past nine o'clock who
there's some library at this time people
who work hard I do my work earlier in
the day so oh I don't have any work to
do okay so now come back to my room I'm
gonna go to bed now so don't step lakes
I've got lectures tomorrow and I don't
want to be sleep-deprived also I'm going
to for mall tomorrow so I'm pretty beat
up late tomorrow going to the bar
afterwards possibly going out tomorrow
night I haven't decided yet
we'll see so obviously if I'm up late
tomorrow night I want to get a fairly
early night tonight and obviously I want
to productive day work tomorrow well
don't Demelza I'm feeling good about
work as I said earlier work is actually
going quite well so far touchwood
touching my bed that's good here we're
all on top of it after week one the
Natsuki mingle event was actually really
good it was very busy this year I don't
remember it being so busy last year but
there were quite a lot of people there
I've got to fit in my availabilities for
rowing outings next week I might
actually do that now while I remember
all its going well I'm quite looking
forward to getting into bed gain good
night's sleep and we're ready to go for
lectures tomorrow morning and here is
the library we worked in between
lectures that morning okay so I've had
lectures this morning they went okay
although I feel like I need to read over
the notes of all three letters this
morning to make
I fully understand what went on but
that's what this afternoon's for right
in between register day I found a
library on Downing sight which I could
work in because like we have the issue
that we only have an hour between
lectures so there isn't really time to
cycle back to college and then cycle
back to the lectures again because by
the time you're back all this you've got
like half an hour to actually get work
done it's not very efficient but we
found a library on down in sight which
we can sit in and work in now I'm gonna
get lunch I've tied my hair back up my
face because it's just way too thick and
annoying me today so I'm gonna go get
lunch and then I'm gonna work from
afternoon and then I've got formal this
evening which will be really really good
[Music]
okay so it's now 5:45 and I'm gonna
start getting ready for four more
because it takes me a while to do my
makeup and do my hair and transform
myself from this into why I will
hopefully look like this evening which
is pleasant hopefully for formal yeah
I've got new clothes this year so a new
form out there hopefully we'll see and
yeah I'll do some nice makeup I'm
looking forward to formal this evening
I've missed four more it's been so many
months since my last formal but anyone
who's a new viewer formals our
three-course meals that you have in the
evening that you go to every now and
again with your friends for a special
occasion or just cuz you fancy a nice
meal you get dressed up you put your
gowns on and it's usually a very nice
time and it's Jacobs birthday or it was
last week it was his 21st last week so
we're celebrating it at formal this
evening and yeah I'm really excited it's
like a nice reward for working hard all
week because you know it's been a tough
week of lectures you know getting back
into the swing of time and I've actually
feel like I've worked really hard like
even this afternoon I've like been
working non-stop so I just I feel that I
really just deserve this break oh I have
transformed myself let's go so here we
are in the classic formal queue where we
queue up to go into formal and as you
can see behind me lots of people waiting
to be let into the
there we are into formal I'm settling
back in I've got my wine hair so like
the first time ever in our experience
there are no fellows at formal the
tables behind on the top there we're
allowed first today there's no Gong no
grace has said it's basically not formal
because there's no for those here so
there could be cognitively it also
amazed to me is I can keep my for an
hour or at formal and that means I
couldn't look more so it's good news
this was the starter the penny has her
garden often I've already had to down a
glass of wine unfortunately some penny
has been flipped the owner teacher is
about to have a glass of wine because a
penny was put in his glass and when you
was empty in the rule is empty is false
you still have to down a glass of wine
pending it's just like a drinking game
they just doing a particle moves after
Larry the best way to counter-attack up
your glass there this save some
adjustable honey in it be there's not
much to down it's not empty so that
someone caught my neutrinos are
confusing but it gets quite fun I've got
a big stash of pennies so people telling
me I will penny them back so they should
beware
oh we just sort of thought honey and now
there's those are pennies flying
everywhere so I'm going to hold on to my
wine glass knocked over his first wine
and the glass has broken the wine has
got everywhere as red wine is everywhere
not good so because he wanted some of my
kale kale is too healthy for me who eats
kale only healthy people like each up
[Music]
stopping because they think it's cool
but I've told them it's not cool but
everyone thinks double I'm now having
coffee that's bad that's my coffee
that's bad video bad contact do you see
how my friends like don't ok signing out
the formal has been free okay we are now
in table and here is everyone all
gathered after full moon here we have
world how you doing how you doing I'm
good I'm good
Jakub oh yeah it is we both on for the
tamales just be back birthday for more
money but Mary Gus
- hello so we are now back in the
staircase that was a great J bar was
great but now the next step of the night
is to go out clubbing - Fez now I don't
know if you've heard of Fez before but
it's a club and Cambridge and Friday Fez
either thing and also we're on the guest
list aren't we you sure yes we are I
guess this oh my good asters ready it's
only after it they go support film guys
wow you just got a Hawaiian shirt also
I've got no foundation on my nose a
pruno full of my own people keep the
peace my dad keeps moving you
[Music]
okay so I've just got back from Fez and
I'm going to bed
it wasn't okay night out like to be
honest I find Fez a little bit
claustrophobic
the air conditioning is not great in
there it gets really hot really sweaty
really stuffy I get extremely
claustrophobic and like the music it's
not really my jam either so like I
didn't stay long
so yeah I'll end the vlog here thank you
for joining me for my week of lectures I
feel like I spent a lot of the week
actually just working and very much else
but like that's just like what I've had
to do this week to stay on top of things
and I feel much better for it and
actually I do enjoy learning and more
Nasser is it's not that bad so please do
give the video a like and subscribe if
you enjoyed it hit the notification bell
so you know when I next upload and I
will see you soon with another video bye
[Music]